face towards the product eyes towards
the land okay what do you do mouth
closed
yeah how do you do it how do you express
shock without the mouth being closed I
feel like I'm constipated this is harder
than it looks okay I'm just gonna do it
because that's what we do here hey how's
it going Dave TD here
and I normally don't unbox things but
I'm in environments where things aren't
bucks unbox II place okay
iPhone 10 I did not want to do a video
in these things because I want to
experience these products like a
consumer it's some serious stuff but
here I am unboxing these things for the
world's worst iPhone 10 unboxing okay
I'm just gonna crack these open and see
what is up so I actually haven't seen a
single video on these things
sorry Jon sorry Lou but I wanted to see
right I'm excited about these phones
these are one of the first proper
products have been like amped about
since I started doing YouTube that's the
thing as a youtuber you get a lot of
stuff and it's cool to get cool things
but you lose that that connection with a
new product the new toy that comes in
you just you lose that that joy that
comes with it and I wanted to feel it
again with the item content so here we
are
Space Gray black whatever they call it
and white or silver now the phone I'm
using right now is the essential phone
and I'm a huge soccer for this phone
because of the screen the somewhat bezel
was screen and really yeah but there's
gotta be phones that are like like those
like those like Asian was like dude II
know what's this one iPhone 10 cool so
how good is that unboxing you guys want
to see more of this on my channel he
subscribed should I just should I just
keep going going yeah but come on power
chapter sit down tell me how is it done
as a nun as a professional versus
unboxer first of all first of all you
need to take it down a notch because
your husband's feet I mean you're
scaring people in this video and
audiences as well they're very it's
upsetting your tone is upsetting okay
it's stirring up all kinds of strange
feelings for me in various body parts
how are they still using lightning cable
so you didn't respond to me there well
are you team zero
because I mean I'm in odd this place
this is like the temple where products
getting Wow okay which one do you like
that bulb mom I don't know I've never
been a big like white or light phone
kind of guy I am a white phone kind of
guy yeah I especially in this one we're
like the bezel on the front is black
it's kind of strange but then again it
would look terrible if it was white the
screen is not as like white as I was
expecting the color temperature in is
that me
is it the whites I don't know man I saw
people on Twitter saying that the the
eight displays a little nicer than this
one I mean those are just people and
really those are just people on Twitter
at all I remembered like the the first
impressions people are saying it was
supposed to be like this is what you buy
this for these are nice boxes though
you're all that the boxes I know well
like I'm just saying let's see how they
put the little silver edge in there
there's some attention okay I've decided
the color I'm going with is the black
it's this silver man the silver looks
cheap this looks like yeah it looks like
the dummy ones yeah it does which I mean
that makes sense
okay so what's gonna happen you're gonna
this is your new phone you're putting
your SIM card is on whole thing for you
absolutely
alright do we just roll let's make this
a ten minute one second video just you
guys can watch me put my SIM card as
rude call my wife that's rude look at
this what did I say world's worst wife
want an unboxing I didn't want to do
this man but I'm here oh but I'm here
fired up
just practice be can be you can be a
jack kind of heavy what you take this
thing was shot on iphone but though it
really wasn't levels here are deep
he's never been so well it look at them
yeah man I get lit with natural lights
in my set this is like I know my every
video looks different every video I know
that's why I'm here I ran it a light to
make my video no dude let's go swipe to
open I told you it's the world's worst
iPhone 10 in boxing and anyone who makes
it to the end
focus yeah but you can't lean in that
much though yeah you get used to it
eventually you're just gonna be like
yeah you get used to how close so little
leg like this is going through so much
because Wireless too seriously yep wow
there's a wireless receiver over there
select your country Canada but see you
can't do any of that you're doing
I thought you're gonna put your sim in
use I did I'm also I didn't realize you
could you selling that we're good
I heard people were having activation
issues the servers were overrun all
right I mean it's later now I'm sure you
be fine
how does my face look on the iPhone 10
beautiful it's always beautiful me yeah
boy like 10 out of 10 oh dude I mean
face it Oh
FaceTime Ivy go continue it how to set
up face ID so do I show this to the
thing you got this I got you the one on
the table moves your head slowly just
flip the label no I feel like I just
because you could you have the
sponsorship you have to it's part of the
okay like you fulfill this oh I thought
it I thought it said it was complete at
duty huh and did it fail are we gonna do
twice
no for the sponsorship know what create
a passive you're gonna get flagged not
suitable really
look at that possible use anyways
there's so many steps business riveting
you're at eight minutes two more to go
dude it's gonna get like three views who
cares god this this video wasn't even it
wasn't even supposed to exist so the
people that are scrubbing through are so
confused oh I have dual like
authentication this is the real process
of a phone setup right all that you
almost dropped it there all that stuff
you see with people just zipping through
that guy just do you monetize my video
thanks dude instead of three cents I
don't think maybe they heard that oh
really I need I need a I need a laptop
too let's just keep it going
it's just rolling dude you gotta you
gotta kick the cone right okay I got you
okay
authentication was it this one why are
they both showing dude they both reset
what happened I know I did it really oh
dude it's this one there's a lock symbol
on hello
swipe up to open okay we're good why I
don't watch me do it I'm telling you
three views it's not about the views
I just wanted to experience the phone
the way the normal people experience it